Pardon me?
There are Vortex spies around Ye Deyun
Who is that?
That
His Excellency the Governor
I'll tell you everything I know.
The premise is that
Please save my life
So you admit
Colluded with my thief
I confess, so I will ask you to sin the meritorious
I can live
It depends on how valuable the clues you provide are
This is about
The Birth of Mu Linglong, the New Queen of Senluo Palace
This one is wrong.
Absolutely great value for money
Trade my life for Mu Linglong's life
You are absolutely sure to make a profit in this kind of business
If it's really like what you say
I can inspire in the name of the morning seed capital
You can't
I believe the Governor's promise
Tell me who it is
General Ye's lieutenant
A woman named Near Mother and Daughter
I just followed Mu Linglong to the abandoned warehouse
Then suddenly attacked
He stabbed Mu Linglong
Zhi Mu Linglong was seriously injured
What has been taken away by the Rabbit Whip King now?
Today should be a helping hand
If you don't leave, we will go to the top to dry our breasts.
Is to arrest them all for me